h1. Room Reservation System
A Project for CS 192 - Software Engineering

h1. Authors

 * Benjamin Joseph Dag
 * Chrislene Legaspina
 * Lou Merlenette Somoson

h2. Description

 * This project is an online room reservation system 
   for the rooms of the Department of Computer Science 
   - UP Diliman building.

 * For faculty and staff use only

h2. Features

 * User
	  Login
	  View reservations
	  Reserve rooms
	  Cancel reservations
 * Administration
	  Login
	  Manage user accounts
	  Manage reservations
	  Manage rooms

h2. Technologies Used

 * Python 2.7.2
 * Django 1.3.1
 * ApacheFriends XAMPP Version 1.7.7
	--MySQL 5.5.16 (Community Server)
 * MySQL-python-1.2.3
 * Existing Django Projects:
	--Django-registration 0.8 
	--Django-schedule by thauber/bartekgorny

h3. Requirements 

 * Python 2.7.2 (could be different)
 * Django 1.3.1
 * MySQL Server (could be changed via settings.py)
 * Django-schedule-rooms: https://github.com/bjdag1234/django-schedule-rooms
 * Django Registration: https://bitbucket.org/ubernostrum/django-registration
 * Django-decorator-include: https://github.com/jeffkistler/django-decorator-include/
 * Python-dateutil and voject

	** mod_wsgi - Apache WSGI Module for Deployment
h2. Settings.py

<pre>
DATABASES = {
		'default': {
			'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.', # Add 'postgresql_psycopg2', 'postgresql', 'mysql', 'sqlite3' or 'oracle'.
			'NAME': '<name of db here>',	 # Or path to database file if using sqlite3.
			'USER': '<db username here>',	  # Not used with sqlite3.
			'PASSWORD': '<db usr's psswd here>',	  # Not used with sqlite3.
			'HOST': '<database server host>',		  # Set to empty string for localhost. Not used with sqlite3.
			'PORT': '<database server port>',		  # Set to empty string for default. Not used with sqlite3.
			}
		}
</pre>
<pre>
# URL that handles the media served from MEDIA_ROOT. Make sure to use a
# trailing slash if there is a path component (optional in other cases).
# Examples: "http://media.lawrence.com", "http://example.com/media/"
MEDIA_URL = '/site_media/'    # must match with your server's configuration
</pre>
<pre>
# URL prefix for admin media -- CSS, JavaScript and images. Make sure to use a
# trailing slash.
# Examples: "http://foo.com/media/", "/media/".
ADMIN_MEDIA_PREFIX = '/site_media/admin/'  # must match site media's link above
</pre>

h2. APACHE's httpd.conf
<pre>
#ADD TO HTTPD.CONF
#Add after the last LoadModule line
LoadModule wsgi_module modules/mod_wsgi.so
</pre>
<pre>
#Add to the end of the conf file
#It should path/to/http-wsgi.conf
Include "conf/extra/httpd-wsgi.conf"
</pre>

h2. httpd-wsgi.conf

<pre>
<Directory "/path/to/dcsrrs/">
  Order allow,deny
  Allow from all
</Directory>

<Directory "/path/to/dcsrrs/apache">
  Order allow,deny
  Allow from all
</Directory>

WSGIScriptAlias / "/path/to/dcsrrs/apache/django.wsgi"

Alias /dcsrrs/site_media/ "C:/dcsrrs/site_media/"

<Directory "/path/to/dcsrrs/site_media>
Order deny,allow
Allow from all
</Directory>
</pre>